<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [AmplifyMapLibreRequest][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
    *   [transformRequest][3]
        *   [Parameters][4]
*   [drawPoints][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
    *   [Properties][7]

## AmplifyMapLibreRequest

An object for encapsulating an Amplify Geo transform request and Amplify credentials

### Parameters

*   `currentCredentials` **ICredentials** Amplify credentials used for signing transformRequests
*   `region` **[String][8]** AWS region

Returns **[AmplifyMapLibreRequest][9]** `this`

### transformRequest

A callback function that can be passed to a maplibre map object that is run before the map makes a request for an external URL. This transform request is used to sign the request with AWS Sigv4 Auth. [https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/map/][10]

#### Parameters

*   `url` **[string][8]** The function to use as a render function. This function accepts a single [Carmen GeoJSON][11] object as input and returns a string.
*   `resourceType` **[string][8]** The function to use as a render function. This function accepts a single [Carmen GeoJSON][11] object as input and returns a string.

Returns **RequestParameters** [https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/properties/#requestparameters][12]

## drawPoints

DrawPoints utility function for adding points to a map based on coordinate data or a FeatureCollection. Will add clustered points and styled markers by default with options for popups and other styles

### Parameters

*   `sourceName` **[String][8]** A user defined name used for determining the maplibre data source and the maplibre layers
*   `data` **([Array][13]\<Coordinate> | [Array][13]\<Feature>)** An array of coordinate data or GeoJSON Features used as the data source for maplibre
*   `map` **maplibre-gl-js-Map** A maplibre-gl-js [map][10] on which the points will be drawn
*   `options` **[Object][14]** An object containing options for changing the styles and features of the points rendered to the map, see the options for more details on available settings

    *   `options.showCluster` **[String][8]** Determines whether or not points close together should be clustered into a single point (optional, default `true`)
    *   `options.clusterOptions` **[String][8]** Object for determining cluster options, see [ClusterOptions][15] for more details (optional, default `{}`)
    *   `options.unclusteredOptions` **[String][8]** Object for determining unclustered point options, see [UnclusteredOptions][16] for more details (optional, default `{}`)
*   `mapStyle` **[String][8]** The map style returned from Amplify Geo that is currently being used. This is used to determine the default fonts used by maplibre-gl-js.

### Properties

*   `sourceId` **[String][8]** 
*   `clusterLayerId` **[String][8]** 
*   `clusterSymbolLayerId` **[String][8]** 
*   `unclusteredLayerId` **[String][8]** 

Returns **DrawPointsOutput** output An object containing the string id's of the sources and layers used to draw the points to the map. This includes the sourceId, clusterLayerId, clusterSymbolLayerId, unclusteredLayerId.

[1]: #amplifymaplibrerequest

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #transformrequest

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #drawpoints

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #properties

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[9]: #amplifymaplibrerequest

[10]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/map/

[11]: https://github.com/mapbox/carmen/blob/master/carmen-geojson.md

[12]: https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js-docs/api/properties/#requestparameters

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[15]: https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/blob/main/src/types.ts#L43

[16]: https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/blob/main/src/types.ts#L8
